the ledger means an awful lot it's the
ledger is the Darby for people down and
limited Clara Southwest generally this
is their big one of the
yes the final of the 2011 Kari
agribusiness I resent ledger there we
see the runners starting the freight hey
gringo in one which is trained by Peter
Cronin for Liam Walsh and I'm also bred
by Liam watch this on a Big Daddy Cool
and no one flash four wins for 13 for
this fella and not one of the fancied
runners into then we have the doubters
as a marriage down the pack through the
classic father tornado trained by Paul
Hennessy for Michael Hogan Michael from
Clare castle mr. dog is son of crashing
natural energy he's the one with the big
finish dagger shillings on this but
don't worry even halfway you're six
behind he'll be powering evolve as fast
to finish her as we've seen I'd say
since college cause we're 3 here is
initial a scheme of Google the real
commentators nightmare this one home by
Mary Crawley had brought the runner from
O'Brien's Bridge a son of astronomic and
rush on breeze which is spread by Maura
McDonough Ananas Ananas a Magoo the
doctor has really emerged through the
Great's here at Limerick and only 20
Rieslings will nine of his 29 and has
been running on strongly in his last
year races here in for then Farah capped
another local runner oh hi Maura Casey
from Liz McGraw which is just outside
the limit here of course trained by a
breeder Donald Casey and ferret captured
the good early phase just 16 races run
this son of head bound and verilock has
won eight of them and shows good early
in all his races this was a real threat
to judicial academy going to the band
and speaking of traditional Academy
there he is the dog trained by Michael
Donovan our Michael or Donovan to
distinguish him from the other big make
Michael Donovan chances for a Birkin
Patti Daly from Baron housing a finalist
here last year was Turk behind fire
his son of Big Daddy Cool and vajradhara
peg he can fly out
he stays strongly he really is the ideal
Greyhound that is the big big question
in 610 have shelburne chef Jen by Brian
keen for John box a son of fares petrol
and Shelburne Dora young dog July oh
nine his notice - dress he's won five of
the 16 races perfectly housed on the
outside can fly out a bit a hit or miss
of times in the traps but can fly out on
his night and reading his good early
gears and he looks sure to be involved
I'd be surprised if this Phil doesn't
figure in the first three here paint
bring going one is ten to one to by the
tornado a two to one three in the
schlosstein Magoo idiot - one for VAR a
captain at five's judicial Academy and
five in the two-two-one
joint favorite known for the Torino and
cig Shelburne chef at five to one I know
where they go and to this she gets a
good run on the outside Shelburne Jeff
out pass for ferry captain out letters
ahead to corner now I will Judah should
get a run around and he does get her on
but he'd know and he's sandy Sarah back
to third and look at what a tornado just
back in fourth place and flying at this
stage as six children Jeff leads from
for ferry captain and here comes the
tornado on the outside around about a
man with six Shelburne Jeff he couldn't
bet tens on at this stage for the
tornado on the outside challenging and
up the straight honest number two what a
tornado hits the front and goes on to
win it from four very captain I reckon
got up for second and Shelburne Jeff in
third the time is 29
58 and what a tornado that tremendous
turn of foot that he has from halfway
around for the second been disposed and
he was closer to the face nearly ten
years at
as he went around that second corner as
we see it again there number three
missed out all together on the start
have had to fear around the track
together a run to the band but look at
tornado back and fit taking us way
around the corner in front for very
captain from five judicial Academy now
six comes up the outside Shelburne Jeff
and look at on the white outside water
tornado
he's an inside seed but he makes use of
the entire track here sweeps around the
bottom band now Shelburne jet medic
gallant effort one seed took the lead
early down the back straight for virus
Hampton Roads arena tigress remark is
but at this stage but attorney Don
Michael Hagen a Peter Mulligan coming
flying through here to start thread by
Susan NC trade by policy and comes along
he wins the consolation fall and he wins
the better itself with what a tornado a
brilliant performance here he wouldn't
have been my idea the ledger winner when
the competition started but he took to
them the track that they took to water
he loves it here and he really charging
the fantastic performance
this classic event over the 550 yards
here
there is there's a number to mothers are
NATO two to one the last place we saw
second number four very captain at five
to one and third number six
Shelburne jet at five to one the very
fast time not a rack behind you but very
close to it
yes I did before did I never hit a race
fact I seen something that I didn't see
in a greyhound before I said it to Carl
and posited me well he was in a lower
caste great just a trial but like that
dad has performed with a couple times
since the some nice even that and the
first one was brought to Newcastle West
because I'm livin down here as you know
and I was brought to school on track or
whatever in Newcastle West the first to
move up there there was a man there
would say well it's an ID Patsy and he
said that today without he says who was
that - Josh arm the man they had to dog
with me and they accepted their dad he
brought well enough you know and one and
she came around him and a McCullough
vans Doug went up in front and we were
fourth on the Baxter and I was happy
enough in that position but it seemed to
get very tight down at the table end and
you be a little bit worried in there I
didn't want to get her on me but he
seemed to we actually got the stretch
and then I was fabulous you know
anything could win one of these classes
establish you know but it was bread
today he done it you know I went back
straight to be giving him a rare chance
and then he had to battle very hard up
the homestretch which is the Thane of a
good dog you know because that was a
good feeling
you know the Derby over zone you know
maybe two champions takes now he gets an
invite into which you know people at sea
in the mornings but the long one won't
be the Derby